# Visual Semantic Navigation (VSN) Package

## Description
The Visual Semantic Navigation Package is designed to deploy artificial intelligence models capable of autonomous navigation. 
This package is a client that interacts with the  [discrete_move](../discrete_move) package, 
which is responsible for performing the discrete movements inferred by the AI model.

Additionally, This package contains two submodules:
* [Image_preprocessing](scripts/image_preprocessing.py) that is responsible for connecting to the camera via ROS topic and returning an RGB or RGB+D image in the form of a NumPy array.
* [Odometry](scripts/odometry.py) that return the odometry value of the robot in case it needs to be used in the IA model. 

In summary, VSN package is designed to be a template that can be easily customized to deploy any AI model. 
By using the discrete_move service, the robot can execute the movements generated by the model in a precise and controlled manner.

# Dependencies
This package has been developed in Python3 and requires the following dependencies:
* ROS Noetic. 
* Numpy Python Library
* Math Python Library
* Sys Python Library

# Installation

To use this package you must follow the next steps:

1. Open a terminal and compile the package.

```shell
cd ~/catkin_ws
catkin_make
```

2. Load the package into the ROS environment.

```shell
. devel/setup.bash
```

# How to use
To use this package, first ensure that the discrete_move package is properly installed and configured. Then, modify the AI
model as necesaryto ensure that it generates discrete movements that can be executed by discrete_move package.

Once the AI model is prepared, follow these steps:

1. Launch the discrete_move server node to move the robot:
```shell
roslaunch discrete_move lola_server.launch
```
2. Launch the vsn client node with the AI model:
```shell
roslaunch vsn vsn.launch
```

The vsn node will connect to the AI model and send it the images or odometry required to make the correct movement decisions. 
It will also be in charge of sending the decided actions to the discrete move server that will proceed completing and acknowledging them.

## Authors and acknowledgment
Rafael Flor Rodríguez, Pablo Ríos Navarro y  Francisco Javier Acevedo Rodríguez.

## License
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

## Project status
Right now we continue working in the project to improve it.
